# Personal milestone: Neural Networks and Deep Learning Completion 

I am very happy to say that as I am writing this, I am running my own Deep Neural Network as part of the final assignment in the 
[Neural Networks and Deep Learning Course]() by DeepLearning.AI. The reason this is kinda of a big deal for me is I have been 
struggling to finish something as simple as Coursera course. 

As a general comment form someone that has never taken any formal ML or AI course, I found this really entrataining and easy to follow. 
This is really important as I have come to found out that the world of Computer Science, Machine Learning and Artificial Inteligence is often not very well documented. 
Most of the content I have come across in my first attempts to tackle this journey on my own are target to an audience that already has the 
basic concepts pretty well established. While I have taken coding classes before and have some notion of how to make simple python code, 
not all courses cover the basics on how to navigate the CS such as GitHub, Stackflow or even Python Libraries. This is particularly true
for other areas like Machine Learning, where most resources are aimed towards someone with strong background in CS or math. 

It has been a complicated and overwhelming journey to find reliable resources that are simple and easy to follow, especially as someone who is just 
starting to get involved in the field. 

## What I liked about this course
1. **Interactive**
   - As an engineer, I find very useful to be able to apply my knowldeg somehow.
   - As any other person who has ever programmed, unless you have a very agile brain, is difficult to grasp what your lines of code are doing unless you run the code yourself.
   - As a very anxious person, it is very useful to have guidance over concepts I am learning, such as a homework.
     
   This is why I found this is one of the best implementations this course has to offer: interactive coding assignments. I can easily
   revise the learned concepts of the course and see how to implement them in code at the same time. It is also flexible enough to let
   you think about the answer without giving it away, but give you helpful hints in case you need them.
2. **Short explanations**
   - As someone who gets distracted easily is very nice to build up complicated processes in small batches
   - As someone who is trying to keep a research journal, is really good for building a mental summary and review of the concepts learned through the day
  
   The way they breakdown key concepts in Deep Learning and Neural Networks was very helpful to start building my own mental structure
   of what these concepts mean. As I mentioned earlier, a lot of resources tackle a lot of complicated info into basic definitions, which
   might make it harder to know where to start. This is exactly what I needed to start tackling basic concepts in Neural Networks. 
