# Wrapping up 
So, as I write this I am in a bar. The last place I thought I would end my week. However, this week has made some fortunate turns.
I know that this blog is mostly for myself, as I have no real knowledge right now to teach or spread the word on so I say this for
posterity: this too shall pass. 

After wrappgin up a pretty emtionally turbulent week I have come to realize that we can deal with everything, just not at the same time. 
After having a pretty couple of disencouraging days, I feel like I have a nice purpose to look forward to. After being pushed around by 
the secondary effects of the COVID vaccine and having a turbulent first Biomedical Engineering conference, I feel like I am ready to jump
back in. 

I am deeply thankful that I am surrounded by deeply caring and inspiring people, even though I often forget. Beautiful people who keep 
reminding me to shoot for the stars! (I know this has little to do with ML but I will get to that part soon!) I think we can never 
thank the people in our life enough, so I am recognizing their impact. Thank you to my current mentor Ramin, and my forever mentor my mom. 

Okay, now what is next in this serendipitous attempt to understand the Machine Learning World?! 

Now that I have tackled the first course of the DeepLearning.AI specialization I want to remind myself to focus on my current project. Which 
will require me learning both the fundamentals and specific coding abilities to work and modify the code. So, now that I have achieved
some general knowledge about gradient descent, propagation and deep learning I will attempt to understand the applications of NLP. Why?
I can disclose it yet, but hopefully it would have an impact in biomechanics and AI (truth is I don't fully understand it myself yet so, 
I couldn't tell you even if I tried). 

## Next steps 
The next steps of my project I can describe tho. 

I will try to run experiments while building the necessary knowledge to implement the really powrful code we are trying to implement. This 
requieres two main things:

1. Learn how to use Hugging Face library
2. Keep building on basic knowledge about Deep Learning

How will I tackle this? Well, my best friend for the next few weeks will be the [Hugging Face NLP Free Course](https://huggingface.co/learn/nlp-course)
and on the side I will continue to work on the [fast.ai Course](). 

Hopefullly, this will lead to an exciting new journey and help bring some structure throughout November's work. 

Thanks for reading and keeping up with this crazy journey! 

Sincerely, 
Ana :) 
